♪ ...AND WAIT FOR THE BELL ♪
♪ IF IT DOESN'T RING SOON,
I'M GONNA YELL ♪
♪ SCHOOL'S OUT ♪
♪ LET'S ROCK AND ROLL ♪
♪ GONNA LOSE CONTROL ♪
GUYS!
♪ RECESS NEVER ENDS ♪
♪ SCHOOL'S OUT... ♪
HELLO!
♪ ...AND I GOT IN TROUBLE ♪
♪ TOO MUCH HOMEWORK,
I'M SEEING DOUBLE ♪
♪ MY MOM-- ♪
TAPEWORM!
HEY, WHAT'S THE BIG IDEA?
WE NEED TO PRACTICE
FOR BATTLE OF THE BANDS.
YEAH, THEY'RE HOLDING IT
HERE AT THE TIPTON.
AND THE WINNER...
WHICH IS GONNA BE US.
GETS TO CUT
A DEMO CD.
LISTEN--
WE'RE GONNA
BECOME ROCK STARS.
AND PERFORM
ALL OVER THE WORLD.
YEAH!
GUYS, YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO
PRACTICE SOMEPLACE ELSE.
THERE HAVE BEEN
SOME COMPLAINTS.
WHO?
EVERYBODY IN BOSTON.
BUT DON'T WORRY.
I HAVE THE PERFECT PLACE
FOR YOU TO REHEARSE.
♪ SCHOOL'S OUT ♪
♪ LET'S ROCK AND ROLL ♪
♪ GONNA LOSE CONTROL-- ♪
AW, NOT AGAIN.
I CAN'T WORK
WITH THESE CONSTANT
INTERRUPTIONS.
SORRY, BOYS.
I'M A GIRL.
WHATEVER.
WE'VE HAD SOME COMPLAINTS
ABOUT THE NOISE.
BUT WORRY NOT, I HAVE
A PLACE WHERE YOUR BAND
CAN JAM IT TO THE MAX.
♪ SCHOOL'S OUT ♪
♪ LET'S ROCK AND ROLL ♪
♪ GONNA LOSE CONTROL ♪
♪ SCHOOL'S OUT ♪
♪ RECESS NEVER ENDS ♪
♪ PARTY WITH MY FRIENDS,
SCHOOL'S OUT ♪
WHOO!
AWESOME!
ONE MORE TIME!
2, 3, 4!
♪ 1, 2, 3,
I MISSED THE BUS ♪
♪ AS IT CAME AROUND ♪
♪ AND DURING GYM CLASS ♪
♪ MY PANTS FELL DOWN ♪
♪ HERE I AM IN YOUR LIFE ♪
♪ HERE YOU ARE IN MINE ♪
♪ YES, WE HAVE
A SUITE LIFE ♪
♪ MOST OF THE TIME ♪
♪ YOU AND ME,
WE GOT THE WORLD TO SEE ♪
♪ SO COME ON DOWN ♪
♪ JUST ME AND YOU
KNOW WHAT TO DO ♪
♪ SO COME ON DOWN ♪
♪ JUST YOU AND ME
AND ME AND YOU ♪
♪ WE GOT THE WHOLE PLACE
TO OURSELVES ♪
♪ YOU AND ME,
WE GOT IT ALL FOR FREE ♪
♪ SO COME ON DOWN ♪
♪ THIS IS THE SUITE LIFE ♪
♪ WE'VE GOT A SUITE LIFE ♪
HIT ME WITH SOME SUGAR,
SWEET THING.
I'D RATHER HIT YOU
WITH SOME DEODORANT.
WHAT IS THAT SMELL?
MY BAND HAS TO PRACTICE
IN THE LAUNDRY ROOM.
THE PLACE REEKS
LIKE OLD UNDERWEAR,
BUT THE ACOUSTICS
ARE GREAT!
YOU GUYS HAVE A BAND?
YEAH.
THE CODESTER AND I
HAVE PUT TOGETHER
A LITTLE GROUP
WE LIKE TO CALL
ROCK SQUARED.
WE'RE GONNA WIN
THE BATTLE OF THE BANDS.
YEAH? OR COME IN SECOND
SINCE WE'RE GONNA
BE IN THE BATTLE
OF THE BANDS, TOO.
WE?
WHAT'S WE? WHO'S WE?
LANCE AND I.
THAT DOPEY LIFEGUARD
WHO WORKS HERE?
HE HAPPENS TO BE
A REALLY GOOD MUSICIAN.
PLEASE.
IT TOOK HIM 3 HOURS
TO LEARN HOW TO BLOW
HIS WHISTLE.
WHATEVER. HE HAS A BAND
CALLED WATERWORKS,
AND I'M THE LEAD SINGER.
SO YOU'RE GOING
TO COMPETE AGAINST US?
LOOKS LIKE IT.
GEE, I KIND OF
FEEL BAD FOR YOU.
OUR BAND HAS GREAT MUSIC,
A KILLER WARDROBE,
AND WE'RE
ALSO 12 AND CUTE.
YEAH, WELL,
I'M 15 AND HOT.
OOH. YOU ARE GOOD.
THERE YOU ARE.
WE'VE BEEN REHEARSING
FOR HALF AN HOUR.
HOW WAS I?
DON'T YOU KNOW
THE MEANING OF
THE WORD "PUNCTUAL"?
NO.
THAT EXPLAINS IT.
COME ON.
HEY, LANCE.
OUR BAND IS GONNA POUND
YOU GUYS INTO DUST.
ALL THAT WILL BE
LEFT OF YOU WILL BE
YOUR GUITAR PICKS.
OK. WELL, GOOD LUCK
WITH THAT.
HI.
WE STILL REHEARSING
TONIGHT?
I DON'T THINK SO.
LARS SPILLED SOME WATER
ON 2 OF OUR AMPS
AND ALL
OUR INSTRUMENTS.
OH, NO.
EVERYTHING'S, LIKE, WET
AND, LIKE, NOT WORKING.
I THOUGHT
WATER WAS GOOD,
BUT I GUESS IT HAS
A DARK SIDE, TOO.
WELL, HOW MUCH DO YOU NEED
TO REPLACE EVERYTHING?
ABOUT $5,000.
WITHOUT IT, WATERWORKS
IS DOWN THE TOILET.
WOW. 5 GRAND?
NOBODY'S GOT
THAT KIND OF MONEY.
[LAUGHS]
"NOBODY'S GOT
THAT KIND OF MONEY."
THAT'S CUTE.
HA HA!
OH, YOU
WERE SERIOUS?
YEAH. WITHOUT EQUIPMENT,
WE CAN'T COMPETE
IN THE BATTLE OF THE BANDS.
WELL, IF THAT'S ALL
YOU NEED TO GET YOUR
BAND UP AND RUNNING,
I COULD
TAKE CARE OF IT.
AWESOME.
AND WHAT WOULD YOU
WANT IN RETURN?
OH, NOTHING REALLY.
JUST PUT ME
IN YOUR BAND.
ABSOLUTELY NOT.
YOU'RE IN.
♪ 1, 2, 3,
I MISSED THE BUS ♪
♪ AS IT CAME AROUND ♪
♪ AND DURING GYM CLASS... ♪
[BLOWS WHISTLE]
[SIGHS]
NOW WHAT?
I CAN'T UNDERSTAND
THE WORDS.
WHAT I WROTE IS
"I MISSED THE BUS
AS IT CAME AROUND."
WHO CARES?
I DO.
SCHOOL'S OUT
IS AN EXPOSÉ
OF THE TRIALS
AND TRIBULATIONS
ENDEMIC
TO THE PUBLIC SCHOOL
EXPERIENCE.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT
HE JUST SAID?
YEAH. HE NEVER
GETS GIRLS.
DUH. WHAT DO YOU
THINK OF MY DANCE?
Tapeworm:
HA HA! AWESOME.
I THINK LESS FLAILING
AND MORE ENUNCIATING.
[OVERENUNCIATING]
SCHOOL IS OUT.
LET US ROCK AND ROLL.
HA HA!
[BLOWS WHISTLE]
AND THERE GOES THE WHISTLE.
♪ THE ONLY ONE, YEAH ♪
♪ THE ONLY ONE ♪
WHAT HAPPENED?
WE'RE KIND OF DONE,
YOU KNOW, WITH THE SONG.
WELL, HOW WAS I
SUPPOSED TO KNOW?
EVERYONE ELSE STOPPED?
I DON'T LIKE
THIS TANGERINE.
NO, THAT IS
A TAMBOURINE.
A TANGERINE
IS WHAT THE AUDIENCE
IS GONNA THROW AT YOU.
I WANT TO DO
SOMETHING ELSE.
LIKE WHAT?
I WANT TO SING.
I THINK WE SHOULD
LET HER DO IT.
HA HA!
HAVE YOU SWALLOWED
TOO MUCH CHLORINE?
WELL, YEAH,
BUT I STILL THINK
WE SHOULD LET HER TRY.
SHE COULD SING BACKUP.
LONDON,
LET'S HEAR YOU SING.
AHEM.
[OFF-KEY]
♪ YOU'RE THE ONE
I WANT ♪
♪ THE ONLY ONE
I NEED ♪
FOR ME... ♪
I THINK I'VE LOST SIGHT
IN MY RIGHT EYE.
IS SOMETHING
DYING IN HERE?
YES...
OUR CHANCES
OF WINNING.
YO, PEEPS, WHAT'S UP?
REHEARSAL.
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?
SHOPPING.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
OF MY NEW OUTFIT?
I THINK HALLOWEEN
WAS LAST MONTH.
DUDE, THIS IS
MY ROCK STAR LOOK.
THERE ARE OTHER THINGS
IMPORTANT TO A BAND
BESIDES THE MUSIC.
IS ONE OF THEM
DRESSING LIKE
A CIRCUS MONKEY?
I THINK
ZACK LOOKS COOL.
THANK YOU.
IT DOESN'T MATTER
HOW HE LOOKS
IF MY SONG
DOESN'T SOUND GOOD.
[SCOFFS] WHO CARES
ABOUT YOUR SILLY SONG?
SILLY SONG?!
JOHN JACOB
JINGLEHEIMER SCHMIDT
IS A SILLY SONG.
SCHOOL'S OUT
IS AN ANTHEM
THAT SPEAKS
TO GENERATIONS
OF OUTCASTS--
GIVE IT A REST.
YOU REST ENOUGH
FOR EVERYONE.
WOULD YOU TWO
STOP FIGHTING?
WE ARE NOT FIGHTING,
WE'RE HAVING
A CREATIVE DISCUSSION.
WE ARE TOO FIGHTING!
CREATIVE DISCUSSION.
FIGHT.
DISCUSSION.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU'RE
ACTUALLY HAVING A FIGHT
ABOUT IF YOU'RE HAVING
A FIGHT.
TAPEWORM, HELP ME HERE.
I'M ON MY PUDDING BREAK.
BREAK OVER.
YOU GOT PUDDING
IN MY WHISTLE!
AND YOU GOT WHISTLE
IN MY PUDDING.
I'M SICK OF YOU PEOPLE
AND YOUR LACK OF DISCIPLINE.
WELL, WE'RE SICK
OF YOUR BOSSY ATTITUDE.
FINE! THEN I'M GONNA TAKE
MY BOSSY ATTITUDE AND MY SONG
AND FIND A BAND
WHO APPRECIATES ME.
FINE! TAKE
YOUR STUPID SONG.
WHAT'S STUPID
IS YOUR OUTFIT!
HEY, THAT'S
PRETTY COOL.
OK, 1, 2,
1, 2, 3.
I HATE ZACK!
I DON'T KNOW THAT ONE.
OK, WHAT HAPPENED?
I QUIT THE BAND.
NO ONE
WAS LISTENING TO ME,
AND ALL ZACK CARED ABOUT
WAS HOW HE LOOKED.
DID I MENTION
I HATE HIM?
IT MIGHT HAVE SLIPPED OUT.
HONEY, WHEN YOU'RE
IN A BAND WITH
OTHER PEOPLE,
YOU HAVE TO
WORK TOGETHER.
I AM. THEY'RE JUST
NOT WORKING WITH ME.
THEY ALL SAY
I'M TOO BOSSY.
DID I EVER TELL YOU
WHEN I WAS IN BAND...
YES.
AND HOW WE COULDN'T
WORK TOGETHER
AND EVENTUALLY
BROKE UP?
YES. AND THEN YOUR BOYFRIEND
STOLE YOUR CAR
AND RAN OFF
WITH YOUR BEST FRIEND.
WE DON'T NEED
TO RELIVE THAT PART.
THE POINT IS
YOU CAN'T ALWAYS QUIT
JUST 'CAUSE PEOPLE
DON'T AGREE WITH YOU.
QUITTERS NEVER PROSPER.
I THOUGHT CHEATERS
NEVER PROSPER.
WHAT HAPPENS
TO QUITTERS?
QUITTERS NEVER WIN
AND WINNERS NEVER QUIT.
WELL, THERE YOU GO.
SO YOU AGREE.
NO.
I'M RIGHT AND IT'S
ALL ZACK'S FAULT.
THANKS, MOM!
I--ACTUALLY...
WELL, I'LL
TRY AGAIN LATER.
OK. FROM THE TOP.
1, 2,
1, 2, 3.
I HATE CODY!
AND WE'RE OFF.
LET ME GUESS.
CODY'S ANNOYING YOU.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
HE SAW MY NEW CLOTHES
AND DIDN'T FEEL
THE MAGIC.
ALL HE CARED ABOUT
WAS HIS SONG.
HONEY, AS A SINGER,
I HAVE TO SAY
THAT WHEN IT COMES
TO MUSIC,
THE SONG
IS KIND OF IMPORTANT.
REALLY?
AND HOW MANY
DIFFERENT OUTFITS
HAVE YOU TRIED ON
FOR YOUR SHOW TONIGHT?
[SIGHS]
DID I EVER TELL YOU
ABOUT WHEN I WAS
IN MY FIRST BAND?
YES.
AND HOW WE COULDN'T
WORK TOGETHER
AND EVENTUALLY
WE BROKE UP?
YES. AND THEN
YOUR BOYFRIEND
STOLE YOUR CAR AND--
YEAH, OK.
AND WHAT CAN YOU
TAKE AWAY FROM THAT STORY?
YOU NEED TO PICK
BETTER MEN?
AND?
THAT I WAS RIGHT AND
IT'S ALL CODY'S FAULT!
THANKS, MOM.
YOU KNOW,
I FEEL BETTER NOW.
I GOTTA GET
BETTER STORIES.
Maddie and London:
♪ THE ONLY ONE, YEAH ♪
♪ STARING OUT THE WINDOW,
THE RAIN FALLS HARD ♪
♪ I CAN'T ESCAPE
THE FEELING ♪
♪ OF DROWNING NOW ♪
♪ BENEATH THE RIVER-- ♪
♪ CAUGHT IN
THE POURING RAIN ♪
♪ OF TRUE-- ♪
LONDON, YOU'RE
A BACKGROUND SINGER.
BUT I DON'T LIKE
BEING IN THE BACK.
IT'S JUST SO...
NOT THE FRONT.
YOU KNOW, THIS REALLY
ISN'T WORKING FOR ME.
AWW.
WELL, THANKS
FOR GIVING IT A TRY.
WE'LL LET YOU KNOW
WHAT WE DO AT THE CONTEST.
NO, NO, NO. I WANT
TO SING UP FRONT...
WITH YOU
WHERE EVERYONE
CAN SEE ME.
AFTER ALL, I SING GOOD.
NO, IT'S YOU SING WELL.
THANK YOU, MADDIE.
THEN IT'S SETTLED.
NO, IT'S NOT.
LET ME TELL YOU
SOMETHING, SISTER.
YOU GOTTA KEEP
LONDON HAPPY,
LIKE THE DOLPHIN
WHO MERRILY SWIMS
THROUGH THE OCEAN
AND BUYS THE OTHER DOLPHINS
INSTRUMENTS.
I WILL NOT LET HER RUIN
OUR CHANCES TO WIN.
DUDETTE, YOU'RE
PINCHING MY SKIN.
SORRY.
BUT THIS
IS IMPORTANT TO ME.
WITH THIS DEMO,
I CAN BECOME A STAR
AND ONCE I'M A STAR,
I CAN PAY
FOR LAW SCHOOL.
OK.
WELL, HOW ABOUT THIS?
WE LET LONDON
STAND UP FRONT,
BUT WE TURN OFF HER MIKE
SO NO ONE CAN HEAR HER.
WOW, I'M IMPRESSED.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU CAME UP WITH
THAT IDEA, LANCE.
YOU KNOW WHAT THEY SAY.
NO, WHAT?
I DON'T KNOW,
I WAS HOPING YOU WOULD.
HOW HARD CAN IT BE
TO WRITE A SONG?
I'M ALMOST THERE.
WHAT RHYMES
WITH "ORANGE"?
NOTHING.
EVERYBODY KNOWS NOTHING
RHYMES WITH "ORANGE."
OH, YEAH? WHAT ABOUT...
NORANGE?
THANK YOU,
DR. SEUSS.
ZACHARY.
CODERY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
GETTING MY SHEET MUSIC
FOR MY BAND.
OH, YOU FINALLY
FOUND SOMEBODY
WHO RESPONDS TO A WHISTLE?
YES,
AND THEY'RE AWESOME.
HURRY UP, CODY.
I'M READY
TO ROCK OUT!
WHAT IN THE WORLD
IS THAT?
YOU LIKE IT? USED TO
BE A LEAF BLOWER.
I CALL IT
A SAX-A-BLOWER.
9, 10, 11!
[PLAYS OFF-KEY]
[LEAF BLOWER
TURNS ON]
[TURNS OFF]
[COUGHS]
YOUR BAND
IS ARWIN AND MURIEL?
DO YOU SEE HOW INSANE
THIS WHOLE THING IS?
IT'S HIS FAULT!
NO, IT'S NOT!
IT'S BOTH YOUR FAULTS.
THIS IS ONE BAND,
AND IT NEEDS ZACK'S STYLE
AND CODY'S SONG.
SO YOU TWO HURRY UP
AND WORK IT OUT
OR I'LL BEAT YOU
LIKE A PINATA.
BUT WHAT ABOUT OUR BAND?
IT'S BROKEN UP.
[SIGHS]
FIRST MOTHER AND THE BUTCHER
AND NOW THIS.
[PLAYS TAPS]
[LEAF BLOWER TURNS ON]
[CRASH]
MAX, WE HAVE TO GO
DOWNSTAIRS AND SET UP.
MURIEL, LET ZACK AND CODY
OUT OF THE CLOSET
IN 10 MINUTES.
BUT I REALLY WANTED
TO GET MY GROOVE THANG ON.
♪ LA LA LA LA LA LA
LA LA LA LA LA LA LA ♪
[HIGH-PITCHED, OFF-KEY]
♪ LA ♪
BETTER AND BETTER
EVERY DAY, LONDON.
THANK YOU.
BREAK A LEG...
THAT WAY SHE WON'T BE ABLE
TO GET UP ONSTAGE.
OK, DID YOU TURN
LONDON'S MICROPHONE OFF?
HEY, GREAT IDEA.
COULDN'T HAVE DONE IT
WITHOUT YOU.
DONE WHAT?
IT'S A GOOD THING
YOU'RE CUTE.
Zack: YOU KNOW,
THIS STINKS.
WE COULD'VE WON
THAT CONTEST
IF YOU HADN'T BEEN
A JERK AND QUIT.
I QUIT BECAUSE
YOU WERE BEING A JERK.
YOU'RE THE JERK!
NO, YOU'RE THE JERK!
MOM SAID I WAS RIGHT.
SHE SAID I WAS RIGHT.
MOM'S LOSING IT.
AT LEAST WE AGREE
ON SOMETHING.
LOOK, YOU HAVE TO ADMIT
YOU WERE ACTING
A LITTLE BOSSY.
I HAD TO BE BOSSY BECAUSE
YOU WERE GOOFING OFF!
I WASN'T GOOFING OFF.
I WAS JUST TRYING
TO FIND OUR LOOK.
I WANTED US TO BE
THE BEST BAND EVER.
SO DID I.
WELL, AT LEAST THAT'S
2 THINGS WE AGREE ON.
HERE'S ANOTHER ONE:
IF WE DON'T GET OUT
OF THIS CLOSET,
WE'RE NEVER GONNA
WIN THE CONTEST.
I AGREE. LET'S
GET OUT OF HERE.
I AGREE.
OK, STOP AGREEING.
YOU'RE ANNOYING ME NOW.
WANT TO GET
REALLY ANNOYED?
THE DOOR'S LOCKED!
Both: LET ME OUT!
LET ME OUT!
[SNORES]
[ROCK AND ROLL SONG ENDS]
Announcer: THAT WAS
LAST YEAR'S RUNNER-UP,
SCARLET SPIDER.
AND NOW, THE BATTLE
OF THE BANDS CONTINUES
WITH THE TIPTON'S OWN
WATERWORKS.
♪ THE ONLY ONE, YEAH ♪
[MOANING]
[SNORES]
OH, NO!
THEY'RE GONE!
THEY'VE BEEN SUCKED
INTO A BLACK HOLE,
AND THEY'RE HURTLING
THROUGH TIME AND SPACE.
OR THEY CRAWLED
THROUGH THAT VENT.
NOW LET'S NOT GET
CARRIED AWAY.
[PLAYS SWING LOW,
SWEET CHARIOT]
[USES LEAF BLOWER]
AAH!
WHOA.
GOOD THING
I LANDED ON YOU
OR THAT COULD'VE HURT.
YEAH. LUCKY YOU.
SO...YOU'RE BACK.
WELL, YOU CAN BEG
ALL YOU WANT,
BUT I DON'T WANT TO BE
IN YOUR LOUSY BAND.
PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE
LET ME BE IN YOUR BAND!
SORRY, ARWIN,
WE'RE ROCK SQUARED.
WE ALWAYS WILL BE.
AHH! I WISH I HAD A TWIN.
MAYBE I CAN MAKE ONE
OUT OF THAT LEAF BLOWER.
IT DOESN'T
MAKE ANY DIFFERENCE
BECAUSE WE'RE GONNA
MISS THE CONTEST.
MAYBE NOT.
YOU'RE IN LUCK.
I WAS JUST ABOUT TO DO
A TEST RUN
ON MY NEW JET-PROPELLED
IN-LINE SKATES.
WOW, THAT IS LUCKY!
YEAH. OK.
I'M ALL RIGHT.
INCOMING!
3, 2, 1!
All: AAH!
♪ I'M THE ONE YOU WANT,
THE ONLY ONE YOU NEED ♪
♪ WON'T YOU TAKE CHANCES? ♪
♪ YOU'RE THE ONE I WANT,
ONLY ONE FOR ME ♪
♪ THE ONLY ONE ♪
♪ I'M THE ONE YOU WANT,
ONLY ONE YOU NEED... ♪
[NO AUDIO]
♪ YOU'RE THE ONE I WANT,
ONLY ONE FOR ME ♪
♪ THE ONLY ONE ♪
I NEED TO USE
YOUR MIKE.
USE YOUR OWN MIKE.
MINE'S ISN'T WORKING.
TOO BAD.
♪ THE ONLY ONE,
YEAH ♪
BUT I'M SUPPOSED TO
SING, TOO.
NOT NOW.
YES.
NO.
♪ ONLY ONE, YEAH ♪
WHY NOT?
♪ THE ONLY ONE, YEAH ♪
'CAUSE YOU'RE
A LOUSY SINGER!
[CROWD GASPS]
LONDON!
WHAT DO WE DO?
WE'RE NEXT
AND ZACK AND CODY
STILL AREN'T HERE.
WE'LL DO WHAT ALL
GREAT ROCK STARS DO.
TRASH OUR HOTEL ROOM?
WE STALL.
LONDON.
I'M SORRY
I EMBARRASSED YOU UP THERE.
LOOK, IF YOU DIDN'T
WANT ME IN THE BAND,
WHY DIDN'T YOU
JUST TELL ME
INSTEAD
OF HUMILIATING ME
IN FRONT
OF ALL THOSE PEOPLE?
BECAUSE WE THOUGHT YOU WOULD
TAKE YOUR EQUIPMENT AWAY.
WELL, I WOULDN'T HAVE.
REALLY?
OK, MAYBE I WOULD HAVE.
SEE?
BUT THEN YOU
WOULD'VE COME TO ME
WITH SOME SOB STORY
ABOUT HOW YOU
NEEDED THE MONEY
FOR SOMETHING STUPID
LIKE...FOOD.
I SHOULD HAVE TOLD YOU
FROM THE BEGINNING
THAT YOU'RE NOT
A VERY GOOD SINGER.
A VERY WELL SINGER.
RIGHT.
AND THEN JUST DEALT
WITH THE CONSEQUENCES,
WHICH WOULD NOT
HAVE BEEN AS
PAINFUL AS THIS.
I'M SORRY, LONDON.
APOLOGY ACCEPTED.
YOU KNOW WHAT'S FUNNY?
DADDY OWNS A COUPLE
RECORD COMPANIES
AND WE COULD'VE
MADE A CD ANYTIME.
BUT NOW THAT YOU'VE TOLD ME
WHAT A LOUSY SINGER I AM,
WHAT'S THE POINT?
BUT YOU WERE SO GOOD
ON THE TANGERINE!
YEAH.
WHY IS IT THAT YOU DRIVE
ON THE PARKWAY
BUT YOU
PARK IN THE DRIVEWAY?
[RIMSHOT]
[CROWD GROANS]
WHAT IS THIS,
AN AUDIENCE OR A JURY?
EXCUSE ME,
EXCUSE ME.
SORRY. EXCUSE ME.
MAX, WHERE
ARE ZACK AND CODY?
SOMEWHERE
IN THE VENT SYSTEM.
GREAT.
'CAUSE A MOTHER NEEDS
TO KNOW THESE THINGS.
I DON'T KNOW
WHERE THEY ARE.
THEY'RE SOMEWHERE
IN THE VENTS.
LOOK OUT!
I WOULD IF I COULD!
I SAID IT WAS
A TEST RUN!
AAH!
I THINK
I FOUND THEM.
ZACK AND CODY
IN THE HOUSE!
[APPLAUSE]
HELLO, BOSTON!
[CHEERING]
YEAH!
♪ 1, 2, 3 ♪
♪ I MISSED THE BUS
AS IT CAME AROUND ♪
♪ AND DURING GYM CLASS,
MY PANTS FELL DOWN ♪
♪ LOOKED IN MY LOCKER,
COULDN'T FIND MY BOOKS ♪
♪ AND NOW ALL THE TEACHERS
GAVE ME DIRTY LOOKS ♪
♪ CAME AROUND
WITH MY BACKPACK ON ♪
♪ THEN HITTIN'
THE BOOKS... ♪
♪ I STARE AT THE CLOCK
AND WAIT FOR THE BELL ♪
♪ IF IT DOESN'T RING SOON,
I'M GONNA YELL ♪
♪ SCHOOL'S OUT,
LET'S ROCK AND ROLL ♪
♪ SCHOOL'S OUT... ♪
AAH! WHOO!
♪ SCHOOL'S OUT,
PARTY WITH MY FRIENDS ♪
♪ SCHOOL'S OUT ♪
♪ LET'S ROCK AND ROLL ♪
♪ SCHOOL'S OUT,
GONNA LOSE CONTROL ♪
RECESS NEVER ENDS ♪
♪ SCHOOL'S OUT,
PARTY WITH MY FRIENDS ♪
♪ SCHOOL'S OUT! ♪
[CHEERING]
Announcer:
BY AUDIENCE REACTION,
THE WINNER IS...
ROCK SCARED!
THANK YOU, BOSTON!